# Civil Protocol
A framework and platform for a Civil Economy.  Civil Peace is possible when inflation on property, goods and services are low or even negative.  Resident Owned Communities are built as commercial commons for the benefit of Residents and the surrounding areas.  We create a Network Effect, Civil Effect and a commercial commons that together is an unmatched force in any economic system known.  This is due to the fact that no other program, platform or system works directly at the root causes of inflation.   Private, public or personal inflationary cost of living or operating businesses are dramatically reduced or eliminated.  We can Live, Work, Eat and Play at a lower inflationary cost then by any other economic means.  

The Purpose of Civil Protocol
Establish and fund resident owned communities that have a low overhead commercial commons.  

# How
1st.) Civil Peace starts with Residents owning their land and housing.   As with standard Resident owned communities, Civil Communities also have a share price for land and pay a monthly maintenance fee to live or operate a for-benefit business.     
2nd.) A commercial commons is established within the Resident Owned Community.  This creates a low overhead business network that allows businesses to offer lower prices to residents and visitors.  The business that operates within a Civil Community by nature becomes a for-benefit enterprise.  This is funded by the share price paid and monthly lot maintenence fee and a 3% network fee.
3rd.) Civil Benefit Organizations are established by anyone.  These CBO's are Certified Civil Peace brand and network ambassadors.  CBO's pay the normal lot rent as residents and contribute an ultra low community inflation reduction fee of 3% of gross sales.  This network fee covers marketing, transaction fees, and associated business expenses normally incurred by an enterprise.  This creates an extremely low overhead for any type of business.  Most if not all benefits are included that would be realized by an Angel Investor or business incubator.  Why give away 30% of your company when the civil commons can get you the help, exposure, property, and equipment you need to start or expand your empire.  

# Why
We have studied, practiced and lived all known alternative economic systems.  This has been already accomplished as a group through the human experience.  Namely the Social Market, Solidarity Economy, Collectives, Cooperatives, and Communal systems.  Why aren't these enough to replace good old Capitalism?  Well there are too many reasons to list.  Traditional Capitalism is the only currently viable economic system to spread wealth to humanity. This is surely not without it's flaws and inefficiencies.  There are more losers than winners in old capitalism if you track the ratio of gains and losses to each population.  This negative effect is still better than the alternatives.  This is why alternative systems to old capitalism have and most likely never succeeded to any great or useful extent.  So what is the answer?  We believe that a Civil Protocol that combines the multiplying factors of Network Effect, Civil Effect and a commercial Civil Commons when combined takes us from a negative growth factor to a positive one.  This in turn through a Civil Protocol and Resident Owned Communities lowers the inflation cost experienced by all people and businesses.  We call this Civil Capitalism.  This new economic system takes the concepts of Depin, DAO, RWA's, NTF's and cryptocurrencies to a place that no one really expected.  We can use technology to plug the siphoning holes in old capitalism.  Civil Capitalism just takes all the available technology and forks it to produce revenue to buy, build, and expand Resident Owned Communities in all parts of the world.  This is where the concept of Civil Peace ties in to create a Perpetual Purpose.  By living in ROC'c with a commercial Civil Commons we get to experience what Civil Peace is capable of.  World wide we can start to secure populations in their home countries.  This in turn slows immigration.  When people have alternatives to high inflation, crime, housing and food insecurity they will stay and build something amazing.  This is Civil Peace.  This is Civil Capitalism.

We can only begin to tackle personal and business inflation if we understand this one profound concept.  We need to have the freedom to choose a place to live, work, eat and play that does not increase inflation by it's own design or purpose.  Old capitalism increases inflation at the base level of all transactions and interactions.  An example of this is when we purchase realestate from a realtor and pay a commission.  Each time the house is sold the cost for eveyone goes up with the comparisons that are used. This is one of the reasons that Resident Owned Property has limitations on speculation.  You are generally not allowed to rent ROC properties to others.  And you have to pay a share on the property purchase usually $10k-$20k.  Generally you are not allowed to own more that one lot.  Generally you are not allowed to use a realtor to list your property.  These are all Civil Capitalism ideals at their core.  We can make money owning and establishing Civil Enterprises instead of inflationary speculation.  Realestate should be off limits to profiteering. We can start eliminating inflation with residential and commercial realestate that is not hijacked by speculators or rentiers.  Civil Capitalism allows people to choose not to fund large commercial enterprises that are endless money pits.  We should have verifiable proof that we are not contributing to business owners that buy expensive sports cars, air planes, or mega mansions if we want to lower inflation.  Until now there was no way to hire a plumber, electrican, or hvac contractor that isn't going to over charge you and set your hard eanerd money on fire.  We should be able to hire people, that are proven to live in Resident Owned Communities with a Commercial Commons.  This is the best use of our own money and it will stay within the community.

If we want a Civil Economy and Civil Peace we need to defund non-civil entities and people that are hell bent on destroying any chance of a civil society.  Stop the insanity and lower unnecessary inflation by joining a Civil Community.

# Civil Rule
No good deed, goes unpunished. Every civil deed, has benefit.

Start or join a Civil Benefit Organization.  Patronize low overhead businesses in a commercial Civil Commons (Resident Owned Community).

# Civil Motto
Civil Peace mighty not be sexy... though how it works is F'ing amazing!
Network Effect + Civil Peace (Civil Effect) + commercial Civil Commons creates the highest multiplying factor of all efforts.
Long live, Civil Capitalism.

All of this without the help or hindrance of socialism, mutualism, meritism, collectivism, or communalism.  None of these ism's have a verifiable or sustainable civil benefit to society.  Community financed Reseident owned communities with a commercial commons slows or completely reverses inflation.  That is, in part why traditional Resident owned communities have lot rent costs of only $125/month.  Where else can anyone live without govenment subsidies for $125/month.  In addition through commercial commons businesses the residents and visitors will be able to eat, play and shop at the lowest prices found anywhere.  Non-residents will flock to Civil Communites for their shopping, further building and expanding Resident Owned Communities.  World wide civil peace starts with US.  One resedient owned property or Civil Benefit Organization at a time.
